hey YouTube what's up it's Thursday
Thursday got a new step on Thursday
whatever happened to that change she's
probably dead I feel like a total butt
hole now the inside of an anus so this
weekend I went to my mom's house oh my
god wabbits at your mom town well people
get raped let's just hope she's not
watching this video and what happened
princess girl hey girls what's up this
is like my lip gloss be poppin lift do
you don't have a but Amy it came over me
like birthday this is real food playing
on the computer all day
my friends call me Teresa it put her
night makeup and a few like it out of my
guys girl named oh hey yeah we you're
weird if I make up on me and going yeah
that time
ya don't know me y'all don't know me
dumby I'd like nobody-nobody so many
girls today how it is mcnamee see you
people don't me Pasha quarter
you're gorgeous we're laughing with me
you're gonna go out on the town boys are
you know you're gone whoa so yeah that's
kind of what happened when i went to my
mom's house so I've always wondered how
I would look covered in tranny so I'm
gonna be flying out to LA friday and
i'll be there till the 21st so the next
s50 will not be in this closet but will
be somewhere new I think they get the
point man yeah good job so I'll see you
guys Tuesday Tuesday Joe della Gasol
digas later back